Update to threatvaultV2 adding 2 commands (#26075)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_Threat_Vault/ReleaseNotes/2_0_6.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.55630*.

> - ***threatvault-atp-batch-report-get*** Introduced new command which fetches Advanced Threat Prevention (ATP) reports from the ATP cloud service.
> - ***threatvault-atp-report-pcap-get*** Introduced new command which fetches Advanced Threat Prevention (ATP) PCAP from the ATP cloud service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added 2 commands:
  - ***threatvault-atp-batch-report-get***: fetches Advanced Threat Prevention (ATP) reports from the ATP cloud service.
  - ***threatvault-atp-report-pcap-get***: fetches Advanced Threat Prevention (ATP) PCAP from the ATP cloud service.
```
